content/api/payments/one-time-payment.md, before:

---
summary:  MixPay API for creating a one-time payment.
---

## POST /one_time_payment

If you think the above link is too long, you can use the following API to generate a temporary payment code and send this link to the payer. And temporary links can be used only once.

### Endpoint URL

```
https://api.mixpay.me/v1/one_time_payment
```

### Parameters

|  Param | Optional | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `payeeId` | <span class="required">*required</span> | String | Account ID for receiving money, pls see [Three types of account](https://mixpay.me/developers/guides/integration-verview#three-types-of-account) and [How to get payeeId](https://mixpay.me/developers/guides/integration-verview#payee-id). |
| `quoteAmount` | <span class="required">*required</span> | Numeric | Corresponding to the amount of `quoteAssetId`. For example, the current commodity value is 10 USD. |
| `quoteAssetId` | <span class="required">*required</span> | String | `assetId` of quote cryptocurrency, the asset include cryptocurrency and fiat currency. |
| `settlementAssetId` | <span class="required">*required</span> | String | `assetId` of settlement cryptocurrency. Settlement assets you prefer. |
| `isTemp` | <span class="required">*required</span> | Boolean | If `true`, it can be used only once. |
| `paymentAssetId` | optional | String | `assetId` of payment cryptocurrency. |
| `remark` | optional | String | maximum 50. Payment remark viewable by the payee. |
| `expireSeconds` | optional | Numeric | Default 86400, minimum 1, maximum 31536000. |


### Example request - One-Time Payment

```bash
curl -i -X POST https://api.mixpay.me/v1/one_time_payment \
  -d "payeeId"="a0d7791408776b47eb1dd3f94ed15d6a" \
  -d "settlementAssetId"="c6d0c728-2624-429b-8e0d-d9d19b6592fa" \
  -d "quoteAssetId"="usd" \
  -d "quoteAmount"="10" \
  -d "isTemp"="1" 
```

```json
// title: Response
{
    "code": 0,
    "success": true,
    "message": "",
    "data": {
        "code": "525502dd-e552-4505-b114-32fe32ff23c2"
    },
    "timestampMs": 1645411665245

}
```

:::note
This interface response is a short code; you can access it by `https://mixpay.me/code/525502dd-e552-4505-b114-32fe32ff23c2`.
:::

Commit message:

add param for one-time-payment

content/api/payments/one-time-payment.md, after:

---
summary:  MixPay API for creating a one-time payment.
---

## POST /one_time_payment

If you think the above link is too long, you can use the following API to generate a temporary payment code and send this link to the payer. And temporary links can be used only once.

### Endpoint URL

```
https://api.mixpay.me/v1/one_time_payment
```

### Parameters

|  Param | Optional | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `payeeId` | <span class="required">*required</span> | String | Account ID for receiving money, pls see [Three types of account](https://mixpay.me/developers/guides/integration-verview#three-types-of-account) and [How to get payeeId](https://mixpay.me/developers/guides/integration-verview#payee-id). |
| `quoteAmount` | <span class="required">*required</span> | Numeric | Corresponding to the amount of `quoteAssetId`. For example, the current commodity value is 10 USD. |
| `quoteAssetId` | <span class="required">*required</span> | String | `assetId` of quote cryptocurrency, the asset include cryptocurrency and fiat currency. |
| `settlementAssetId` | <span class="required">*required</span> | String | `assetId` of settlement cryptocurrency. Settlement assets you prefer. |
| `isTemp` | <span class="required">*required</span> | Boolean | If `true`, it can be used only once. |
| `paymentAssetId` | optional | String | `assetId` of payment cryptocurrency. |
| `remark` | optional | String | maximum 50. Payment remark viewable by the payee. |
| `expireSeconds` | optional | Numeric | Default 86400, minimum 1, maximum 31536000. After this time, the code obtained by the interface will become invalid.|
| `traceId` | optional | String |  UUID, used to prevent double payment and checking the payment result. It is also used to set the `code` you will get.|
| `orderId` | <span class="required">*required</span> if no `traceId` | String | Unique in your system. String lengths **between 6-36** must be letters, numbers, dashes and underscores and NOT space. `orderId` and `payeeId` make a payment unique. |
| `settlementMemo` | optional | String | maximum 200. A memo is similar to Mixin Snapshots, this parameter you can customize. |
| `returnTo` | optional | String | After successful payment, the URL page will want to redirect to. Useful when you are in a browser JavaScript environment. |
| `failedReturnTo` | optional | String | After payment failure, the URL page will want to redirect to. Useful when you are in a browser JavaScript environment. |
| `callbackUrl` | optional | String | After payment successfully, MixPay will issue a POST request to this URL on our server-side. For security reasons, URLs only support HTTPS and has to be [URL encoded](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_urlencode.ASP). Please refer to [Payment Callback](https://mixpay.me/developers/api/payments/payment-callback). |
| `expiredTimestamp` | optional | int | Set a expired [timestamp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time). This value must be greater than 10s and less than 240min. After this period, the payment result status field will be marked as `failed`, and the `failureReason` will be `Payment overtime`. If you are not setting this value, the payer can have unlimited time to complete this payment. |


### Example request - One-Time Payment

```bash
curl -i -X POST https://api.mixpay.me/v1/one_time_payment \
  -d "payeeId"="a0d7791408776b47eb1dd3f94ed15d6a" \
  -d "settlementAssetId"="c6d0c728-2624-429b-8e0d-d9d19b6592fa" \
  -d "quoteAssetId"="usd" \
  -d "quoteAmount"="10" \
  -d "isTemp"="1" 
```

```json
// title: Response
{
    "code": 0,
    "success": true,
    "message": "",
    "data": {
        "code": "525502dd-e552-4505-b114-32fe32ff23c2"
    },
    "timestampMs": 1645411665245

}
```

:::note
This interface response is a short code; you can access it by `https://mixpay.me/code/525502dd-e552-4505-b114-32fe32ff23c2`.
:::
